That's the medicine from the white wood kiln
The last time the smoke rope was sealed, it was a warning. It was great.
The white wood kiln was also fought by the creditors by the network
Mental disorders
He'll either take him back
Is it a drink?
You see
Mom brought you something delicious. Look
Are you hungry?
Rice, yes, come on
Eat some ah ah
He is free
Grandma is now in the sky with grandpa by your side
You shouldn't be alone
Don't worry, I'll live well too.
grandma
I haven't officially introduced myself yet
My name is Siyechen
Is a fiancé
Grandma, this is Night Ripping City
I told you.
He is nice to me.
Grandma was handed over to me
You and grandpa can rest assured.
I will take care of him for the rest of my life
Protect him, protect him
My grandfather liked him too
He is our privately identified daughter-in-law
Here we are.
He will not be wronged.